hi I'm John stage and this is dude food
today we're going to give a barbecue
treatment to an old culinary war horse
the meatloaf
we're going to saute a little bit of
onions peppers and garlic and we're
going to just cook these just cook the
raw out of them we're not looking at
we're not looking to brown them we're
not looking to we're not even looking to
translucent we just want to get that raw
'fuck now we're going to take this bread
that's been soaking in milk and just
kind of squeeze this out be careful not
to squeeze it all over you which I've
done many times move this out of the way
and just give this a good quick chop
chop without the binding agents of milk
bread and eggs you're never really going
to get meat loaf you're going to get
kind of like a big brick of dried-out
ground beef let me salt and pepper these
guys up a little bit okay let's take the
ground beef into the bowl a little bit
of the sausage let's get our
emulsification agent which is the bread
crumbs a couple of eggs a little bit of
salt a little bit of black pepper a
little bit of cumin actually a good dose
of cumin some chili pepper and a little
bit of cayenne let's see where we're at
here like I said before we're really not
looking to cook these too much we're
just trying to take the raw off it okay
all right when I say culinary warhorse
oh I made it man
meatloaf has come and gone on mint
restaurant menus over the last 40 years
a little bit of barbecue I can't call it
a barbecue meatloaf it out a little bit
of barbecue don't want to forget that so
everybody's got their own version of it
you probably grew up on it or had it
growing up and we don't want to do
before we do anything
it's taste this meat very important
because we're going to load this up and
you don't want to come back an hour
later and find out your meatloaf wasn't
seasoned properly you know we make our
homemade sausage of the restaurant what
was the guy who piped without tasting
you know I'm gonna wash my hands real
quick all right let me taste this I'm
going with that seasoned properly salted
correctly good balance good show all
right
this is now the fun part put it right in
this loaf pan let's get rid of this and
then we're just going to give it the
final treatment and that's just a little
bit of barbecue sauce over the top we're
going to bake this at 350 for about an
hour hour and 15 minutes you want this
around 150 155
I hate overcooking meatloaf so think of
a meatloaf as a burger to 150 160 you're
approaching well medium well well so why
would you overcook a meatloaf so 150
you're good but if you're a little
skittish go a little longer but it's not
going to be as moist so I'm going to put
this in
okay we're just a little bit more
barbecue sauce just a light glazing on
the top just to give it a nice shine
okay
this looks really good I'm going to cut
it see what this looks like oh man
nothing wrong with that
moist well-seasoned it's got the full
barbecue treatment that's the dish
barbecue meatloaf I'm John stage this is
dude food don't forget to subscribe you
don't have to be a vampire to drink
blood
just ask the Vietnamese this week the
office gets Undead with duck blood soup
mac and cheese meat shepherd's pie if
you're not hungry yet you will be after
you see this episode of dude food spike
heads out with Lisa Schwartz and the
kings of West LA before whipping up a
meal fit for a self-proclaimed king who
needs coffee from cleaning to storage
check out the cool things you can use a
coffee filter to do subscribe for more
free tasty treats